 ## WEBSOCKET-CHAT: A WebSocket Chat Application in Go

This repository contains the code for a simple WebSocket chat application written in Go. The application allows multiple clients to connect to a server and send messages to each other in real time.

### Prerequisites

To run this application, you will need:

* Go 1.16 or later
* A text editor or IDE
* A terminal or command prompt

### Installation

To install the application, clone this repository to your local machine:

```
git clone https://github.com/RehanAfridikkk/websocket-chat
```

### Running the Application


To run the application, open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you cloned the repository. Then, run the following command:

```
go run main.go
```

This will start the server on port 8080.

### Using the Application

To use the application, open a web browser and navigate to the following address:

```
http://localhost:8080
```

You will see a simple chat interface with a text input field and a button to send messages. Enter a message in the text input field and click the "Send" button to send the message to the server. The message will be broadcast to all connected clients.

### Code Overview

The application consists of a single Go file, `main.go`. This file contains the code for the server and the client.

The server is responsible for listening for incoming connections from clients and broadcasting messages to all connected clients. The client is responsible for connecting to the server and sending messages.

The following code snippet shows the main function of the application:

```go
func main() {
    // Create a new server
    server := NewServer()

    // Start the server
    go server.Start()

    // Create a new client
    client := NewClient()

    // Connect the client to the server
    client.Connect()

    // Send a message to the server
    client.Send("Hello, world!")

    // Wait for the client to disconnect
    client.Wait()
}
```

The `NewServer()` function creates a new server instance. The `Start()` method of the server starts the server on port 8080.

The `NewClient()` function creates a new client instance. The `Connect()` method of the client connects the client to the server. The

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)